Clarify policy on non-GOV.UK Docker local development usage (#3492)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/get-started.html.md

To set up GOV.UK Docker, see the [installation instructions in the `govuk-docker` GitHub repo][govuk-docker].

> You are allowed to use `rbenv`/`bundle` instead of GOV.UK Docker, but this won't work well with apps that are dependent on other apps, and is not officially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also try developing outside of Docker, using tools like [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) directly. [This approach generally works for frontend apps](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/local-frontend-development.html) but not for other apps with databases, etc., and is not officially supported.
```

Relaxing the language slightly (anyone is allowed to do anything really).

I also want to try and emphasise that (GOV.UK) Docker is just a wrapper around tools people may be familiar with already - not an alternative to them.

My impression is it's mostly frontend apps where non-Docker dev is popular. An experienced backend dev probably doesn't need this guidance to know the particular circumstances when they can avoid it, so we may as well make the caveat specific to frontend apps.

> You are allowed to use `rbenv`/`bundle` instead of GOV.UK Docker, but this won't work well with apps that are dependent on other apps, and is not officially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also try developing outside of Docker, using tools like [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) directly. [This approach generally works for frontend apps](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/local-frontend-development.html) but not for other apps with databases, etc., and is not officially supported.
```

Relaxing the language slightly (anyone is allowed to do anything really).

I also want to try and emphasise that (GOV.UK) Docker is just a wrapper around tools people may be familiar with already - not an alternative to them.

My impression is it's mostly frontend apps where non-Docker dev is popular. An experienced backend dev probably doesn't need this guidance to know the particular circumstances when they can avoid it, so we may as well make the caveat specific to frontend apps.
